now it's time for the final boys with
toys of the series and this week I
finally managed to get Tim's job that's
right I'm about to test drive a supercar
so how you may ask can a twelve-year-old
legally get behind the wheel the answer
to that lies in question a unique
driving spirits company by the name
everyman Racing to be precise this
unique company is one of the few places
in the UK where drivers as young as 12
can put a supercar around the circuits
your starch all day with the safety
briefing and then it's out to the
pitlane for the drive of your life of
course you can choose from the usual
array of supercars and most people tend
to plug the obvious Merari 430's
lamborghini gallardo x' and aston martin
tend to attract the highest number of
bookings but as were in the know Tim
suggests to trying something a little
different the one car here closer to the
Xbox Experience and any other the ultra
high-tech Nissan GTR now Nissan fans
lovingly think of this is the latest
generation skyline but the GTR has even
more tricks up its sleeve than its
predecessor the dashboard is crammed
with bouts of switches and more digital
readouts and of Trekkies techno palettes
what's more unlike the Trekkies grunty's
then this sounds gadgets aren't just
their show in fact the 11 separate
readouts include everything from
steering input degrees to cornering
g-force me
now might think this is going a bit too
far but this is one of the only cars in
the world that can pull off that level
of space-age technology you can set
several driver presets that set the car
up to be as fast or as comfortable as
you like and drive it as an automatic or
as a manual with Formula One style
paddle shifts but for someone who's
never driven a supercar and more than a
few miles per hour before all of this
information seemed a little overwhelming
Wow I am only 12 just as well I had a
good instructor
so having familiarize myself with the
controls and set the car up so I can see
over the bonnet the GTRs massive 3.8
litre twin-turbo v6 roared into life a
good flex on my right foot sent a shock
wave from vibration through the car and
then very slowly at first I was away
piloting the GTR is virtually effortless
and it didn't take long to get into the
swing of things incredibly I was already
up to 70 miles per hour in this 84
thousand pounds Japanese missile and
things were about to get a lot quicker
welcome back now before the break I've
been getting to grips with the
blisteringly quick Nissan GTR at the
everyman racing circuit
but with my instructor now confident
that I was up to putting my foot down it
was time to see what this car can really
do
engage the launch control and listening
will blast sixth month lower in 3.5
seconds and if you can find straight
stretch long enough on to a top speed of
196 miles per hour the GTRs hand-built
3.8 liter twin turbo v6 delivers a
whopping 542 brake horsepower so it can
certainly show up Porsche clean pair of
heels
in the GTR you can achieve incredible
speeds virtually no experience
whatsoever and the car will forgive you
every time should you find yourself
entering the corner too fast simply
stands up the carbon composite brakes
and things no doubt so fast it's like
you've dropped out of hyperspace having
been in many supercars over the years
I'm least feeling the road through the
chassis so I was quite surprised to find
that the GTR didn't feel like this at
all it's a sort of point-and-click
experience just same the nose at the
apex of a bend a bit like an xbox game
and give it as much welly as you dare
the cars very clever electronics then
work a little magic and split the cars
power between the front and rear wheels
one thing that I can tell you is your
snap your left before you push this
thing beyond its limits
the gt-r will cost you almost double
what you'd pay for an evolution but it's
probably the most technologically
advanced car in the world the chassis
was designed by lotus the body is built
in an air tight environment to ensure
precision and every hand-built engine is
mated precisely to its gearbox it really
is a pretty good path but what about the
driving experience
well this journey in the Sun gt-r day
will cost you less than sixty pounds and
put you behind the wheel of a machine
that will literally have you on the edge
of your seats from start to finish so if
you're looking to seriously impress your
12 year old trust me on this you will
struggle to find anything pound for
thrill better for your cash
you